Welcome.
(Episode 24)
Hey, Jung Seung Won.
Hey, Myung Dae Gu.
Are you a part-timer here?
- Do you live around here? - Yes.
Please give me recycling bags in 10ml...
and food recycling bags in 2l.
10 pieces each.
You're buying these for your mom?
No, my parents passed away.
I am the mom now because my brother is a horrible house keeper.
Please check this out too.
Your brother comes here often too?
If a tall and normal-looking guy who acts like a child comes by,
that'd be my brother. Be careful of him.
Seung Won.
Yes?
Can you ask your brother to meet up with my dad?
Your father?
You should be close to him. His brother is a prosecutor.
Who knows? His brother might get your dad out of the prison.
Oh, that...
My brother is going through a lot because of an important trial.
I see.
Please don't mind it then.
I shouldn't have said anything.
I'm home.
You're here.
What's with the stool?
I don't need it anymore, so I'll put it upstairs.
Then we won't have enough seats for tomorrow's breakfast.
Let them have breakfast at their homes.
- Why? - I'm tired.
It's uncomfortable for me to see Prosecutor Jung.
Mom!
Mother, I peed by myself.
The pee just came out.
Really?
Good job!
Good job, my little prince!
Grandmother will be here in half an hour.
- You can be alone, right? - Yes.
Chan Ho.
There are so many people who we need to thank for.
There're so many people I need to pay back for their generosity.
Yes, go and pay them back.
I'm fine now.
It's me. Where are you?
Me? I'm on your way to your house to have breakfast.
I'm sorry, but I think we should skip today's breakfast.
- Why? - Mom is a little busy...
because of her restaurant.
Okay.
- Oh, I found your power bank. - What?
The red power bank you dropped in my car.
Oh, that.
I'll give it to you next time.
Don't forget your umbrella. It's going to rain today.
Okay.
What are you doing here? Waiting for us?
I want to have brunch outside.
Let's go together.
I'll have it at your place. I don't like brunches.
Yes, you do. Let's just go have brunch.
Let's go have brunch.
What time is today's trial?
It's at 2pm. Why? You're coming?
Of course I have to go. Today's the final trial.
I have to see if the slow turtle can catch the rabbits.
Let's go.
Did you bring your umbrella? It's going to rain later.
Sure, I did.
Can you let go of my neck?
Lawyer Lee disagreed to the autopsy results?
Yes, so I have to interrogate the doctor who conducted the autopsy.
I have never seen anyone disagree to the autopsy results.
He'll point out the fault for conducting the autopsy...
after the organ transplant.
Lawyer Lee is playing it dirty.
Prosecutor Jung.
Let's go to the trial together.
I'll question the autopsy doctor myself.
Why would you?
I can't stand him playing it so dirty as a lawyer.
Is it okay?
I would be thankful if you could come with me.
- Thank you, Ms. Son. - It's okay.
I'm more grateful towards you.
Why?
I'm also grateful to you these days.
My lovely colleague.
Look at him.
(Autopsy results)
Witness, you wrote up the autopsy results yourself. Is that right?
Yes.
According to the autopsy results, what caused the death?
The cause of death is the exterior shock on the brain of the victim...
that led to excessive bleeding on the arachnoid membrane.
The autopsy was conducted right after the organ transplant.
How was that possible?
When the victim arrived at the hospital right after the accident,
he didn't have any other injuries except for a cerebral haemorrhage...
and several fractures.
When we put him through CT scan and MRI before the organ transplant,
the other organs looked all fine.
So we excluded organ damage as the cause of death.
And we could conduct the autopsy right after the organ transplant.
Is there any chance that the autopsy results might have changed...
because of the organ transplant?
No, it can't happen.
(Issue no.1: autopsy after the organ transplant)
Her strategy is good.
She wants to lead the game by asking the same questions...
before the lawyer does.
According to the autopsy results,
the right thyroid cartilage was fractured.
What does this mean?
Thyroid cartilage is what covers up the vocal cords like this.
This gets fractured when someone strangles hard.
That's the common cause of the fracture.
What if it got fractured because the person fell by himself?
Like if a person gets drunk and falls down somewhere.
The thyroid cartilage won't get fractured just by falling.
But what if we assume that the victim's thyroid cartilage...
got fractured from the fall, like the lawyer's argument?
If that is the case, the fracture must have also occurred around...
the jaw and cervical spine too.
But that didn't happen.
The crucial point...
is that we found blood stains around the thyroid cartilage.
The stains only appear when it's pressured by two hands.
All argument points cleared.
So to summarize, the autopsy results tell us...
the victim passed away because someone strangled his neck.
And he fell under the elevator door in that condition.
This led him to die from the exterior shock and bleeding.
Is that right?
Yes, it's correct.
This will be all.
Defense Lawyer, please start the cross-examination.
Yes, Your Honor.
Let's see.
When was the victim Lee Hwan diagnosed with brain death?
It was at 8:30am, June 2, 2016.
So when did his heart actually stop?
It was at 5:17pm, June 2, 2016.
The difference is around 9 hours.
How did you decide on his time of death?
When we were trying to transplant his organ, we just recorded that...
as his final hour.
So that hour must be...
the final hour recorded on the arraignment, right?
Yes, you're right.
That will be all.
What's this? He disagreed to the evidence just to ask that?
That's what I'm saying. What is he up to?
The victim Lee Hwan's precious life...
was taken by a professor who he once admired.
But from the day of the incident until today's trial,
the accused Moon Tae Min tried to cover up his crime.
He denied the charge and frequently changed his statements.
He's not even regretting his crime.
According to the Criminal Law Article 250 of section 1,
I hereby request for a sentence of 10 years on the accused for murder.
Next, defense lawyer. Please deliver your closing argument.
The trial is almost over.
A testimonial from a five-year-old.
The autopsy after the organ transplant.
All these do not completely prove that a murder happened.
Watching this unstable reasoning,
I have a question that I constantly wanted to ask.
Can we charge the accused...
for murder?
Why is he saying all that nonsense so politely?
Based on the autopsy doctor's statement,
Lee Hwan, the victim,
died at 8:30am, June 2, 2016.
And after 9 hours, at 5:17pm,
his heart stopped after transferring the organs.
As you know, brain death is not considered as actual death...
according to the criminal law.
The criminal law only recognizes death when the heart stops beating.
The same applies for the organ transplant laws too.
We refer to the family of a patient who died of brain death...
as a "family".
We call them a "bereaved family"...
only after the organ transplant is complete.
You can't...
If the victim Lee Hwan...
damaged his brain and died...
only after some time passed by,
we can charge the accused for murder.
But when the victim's brain died,
his heart didn't stop beating.
As he was going through the transplant surgery,
his heart stopped beating.
No, you can't.
The accused did not stop his heart from beating.
We'll work on the main artery now.
It's the doctor who stopped his heart...
when he worked on the main artery.
So the death recognized by the criminal law...
was not caused by the accused,
but the doctor who conducted the surgery.
No way.
So by the criminal law, the victim didn't die because of the accused.
He died because of organ transplant.
He got a devil's tongue.
Therefore, we can't charge the accused for the victim's death.
In addition, the accused...
is pleading innocence for murder.
What's this?
What are you talking about?
Who killed my son?
Sir, please calm down.
Did the doctor kill my son?
It wasn't that man? Let go of me!
No, sir.
It's all nonsense. Don't worry, sir.
I'll take him outside. Sir, please come this way.
Don't worry.
The prosecutor there will prove...
that all of this is nonsense.
Please keep quiet.
I must make him understand, so we can get out of here.
Imagine how his father must be feeling.
Why can't we charge him?
If he didn't hit the son,
he would be alive now.
The doctor wouldn't have done the organ transplant too.
Don't you all agree?
She's right.
Hong Joo is really brave.
She speaks whatever she thinks is right.
Sorry.
Prosecutor, is there any additional statements from your end?
Shall I go?
No, I'll go.
Yes, there is.
What...
Is the law really that unreasonable?
Organ transplant doesn't make the accused guilty!
No, sir.
The law isn't that loose, sir.
They will justify whoever did wrong.
I shouldn't have agreed to the organ transplant.
It's all because of me.
Sir, this definitely is not your fault at all.
After hearing the lawyer,
the victim's father must be blaming himself for this.
Goodness.
Because I agreed to the organ transplant,
now I can't punish who killed my son. This must be his thoughts.
I did something good, but it turned to be bad.
"The law is defending the criminal."
He must be thinking that.
The laws shouldn't do that.
Of course. That shouldn't happen.
That can't happen.
The victim had brain death because of the accused.
And as the lawyer said, after the brain death,
if days passed without going through organ transplant,
his heart would have stopped and he would have died.
As all the brain death patients do.
But just because...
the organ transplant jumped in between his death,
can the accused be innocent?
It doesn't make sense.
Your son would have died without the organ transplant...
in a few days.
He would have died without the organ transplanting doctor.
But imagine if Mr. Moon did not hit your son.
If Mr. Moon never hit the victim,
would the victim have died?
It's rather simple to find out who caused the death.
You can simply try removing the causes that led to death.
Even if we remove the doctor in the equation,
the victim would have died anyway.
However, the story becomes different if we remove the accused here.
If the accused did not do what he did,
the victim would not have died and continued to live his life.
The organ transplant did not kill your son.
Neither did you.
The one that took your son's life is that guy named Moon Tae Min.
Don't get confused.
The law can't confuse the fact.
The law has to clearly and fairly justify who is responsible...
for the crime.
Just because the time of the death applies new rules to the case,
we can't say the accused is innocent for his crime.
Otherwise, we can say that...
there is no justice.
Moreover, for the victim who gave new lives to seven people...
and for his family who all agreed to the organ transplant,
we can't let this trial go in favor to the accused.
That's because it's not justifiable.
Please...
let justice flow like river...
inside this court.
Let it happen in this trial.
I hope that would happen.
[VIU Ver] E24 While You Were Sleeping "What Caused His Death?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Trial in process)
Prosecutor Jung.
Ms. Son, thank you so much for today.
No, I should thank you.
Thanks to you,
I can sleep without guilt in my heart. Thank you.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Oh, okay.
I'm grateful too.
Ms. Son.
(We recommend you to use a single paper towel.)
Darn it!
Is it out of paper towel?
Yes.
Do you want my handkerchief?
It's fine.
I'm home.
Hong Joo, I got all your blankets from your room.
I don't think the washing machine can take all of these.
I'll do it in the laundry room.
Mom.
Are we not calling them again for tomorrow's breakfast?
No.
Mom. I went to Jae Chan's trial today.
When I watched the trial, I realized I was confused all along.
Confused?
Like you said,
I thought Dad died because of me.
I thought Jae Chan got shot because of me.
This thought made me suffer.
I realized that I was wrong after watching the trial.
I was confused all along.
Dad died because of the soldier who ran away.
Jae Chan got shot because of Yoo Su Kyung's father.
All those would have happened even if I wasn't in all those scenes.
Am I right?
Yes.
The others were to blame, but I didn't know that.
I was confused for a very long time.
So do you feel better now?
You're not blaming yourself?
No, I'm not.
So much laundry to do.
Mother.
I mean, Ma'am. Good evening.
Are you here for laundry?
Yes, I am.
I know it by nature as a mom.
Dad's passing away, Jae Chan's accident and all that.
You're blaming yourself, and you're suffering from it.
You keep blaming yourself, and you're hurt inside.
And you'll keep doing that.
Ma'am.
I have something to tell you.
Hong Joo has nothing to do with me getting hurt.
The guy who shot me is someone else, not her.
Hong Joo knows it very well.
- She won't be... - She won't be confused about it.
And she won't blame herself.
Yes, how did you...
You two practiced the same lines, right?
You heard from Hong Joo that I'll be here, and you followed me.
No, never. It was a coincidence. I came for laundry.
Stop that nonsense.
You don't do any chores, but you brought your laundry here.
It doesn't sound natural that you came down all the way here.
I do a lot of chores, Mother. I mean, Ma'am.
Ma'am.
I'm sorry for confusing you,
but you can call me Mother.
I'm sorry for being a small person.
I know that I shouldn't be doing this.
But I'm quite cunning like all humans.
I hurt someone else's child to protect my child.
I'm sorry for behaving that way as an adult.
I'm really sorry.
No, it's fine.
Then are you forgiving me?
Yes, Mother.
Thank you for caring and loving Hong Joo.
No, I thank you more, Mother.
I mean, Ma'am.
I mean, Mother.
Goodness.
Oh, it's the red car.
Whose car is this?
- Gosh, that startled me. - Jae Chan.
What are you doing in front of my car?
Is this your car?
Yes, it's my car. It's my car. It is my car.
It's my car.
This is my dream car. The red one.
Tell me anytime.
Whenever you need this, I'll let you borrow it.
- Really? - Yes.
- Why? - I just checked that...
Moon Tae Min is charged.
Guilty of murder! Seven years in prison!
It should have been full 10 years!
Seven years is a lot too.
Good job.
And thank you.
You're saying the same thing too?
Why is everyone thanking me?
Is the prosecutor doing his job something to be thankful about?
No, it's only natural.
But I'm just grateful.
You said I can borrow your car whenever I want, right?
Yes, why?
Okay then. I want it now!
Now?
Key, please.
Hey.
Can you get your day off?
We can go see the sea for an hour if we leave now.
Hi! I'm here.
It's the sea!
It really looks the same. How did you find this?
I searched a lot.
So? Is this the same sea you saw in your dream?
Yes, it's the same one.
You're lying.
No, I'm not. It's actually prettier than the one from my dream.
You didn't dream about it. I know you're lying.
How did you know?
I told you.
I can detect every single lie.
I could tell you were lying.
You kept saying not to let my guard down.
And you came to see the trial.
Your face was so obvious that you're lying.
Why didn't you say anything?
And why did we come here?
I don't know. You seemed like you wanted to see the sea.
You wanted to see that I win in the trial and the sea as well.
I thought you wanted to see both of them.
I worked hard for that.
I worked really hard.
Thanks for trying hard.
Don't you want to go inside?
It's too early. I just want to see the sea.
Okay.
What a relief.
It's not that cold. Come in.
Don't you lie!
Your lips turned purple because it's too cold.
No, they're fine.
This picture is worth as your profile picture.
Really?
Send it to me.
Goodness. This photo is good.
How could this be possible?
Really? How do I look?
Let me see.
It's rather fake.
Wait!
No! Don't!
I'll kill you if you put me in the water!
Don't do this!
It's a blessing to know what's going to happen.
I thought it like that.
But this blessing takes away the feeling of throbbing.
It kills a will to challenge.
(My death, a raining day)
It puts out embers of hope.
(SBC Blue Team uniform)
At about 5am today, a 52-year-old man named Mr. Myung...
tied up the underwear he was wearing and hung himself...
while serving in Seoul Gu Min Prison.
A future I can't change.
A future that's been decided.
Father...
Last May, 2015, Mr. Myung was pointed as the culprit...
of a serial killing using injections that caused a stir,
and was sentenced to life.
That's another form of despair.
That makes me lose everything...
by giving up and repeating every day in vain.
Mr. Myung left a suicide note saying he feels falsely accused.
He also wrote that he wishes the truth to be revealed.
Lieutenant Han, are the walkie-talkies fully charged?
These...
When did you start charging them?
Sorry?
The lights are green. They're fully charged.
I see.
I wish I gave her some time to relax by bringing her to the sea.
I hope this can be a shelter from those days that are in vain.
I wish...
she had a throbbing day today.
(While You Were Sleeping)